Splunk Fixes (#14568)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/Integrations/SplunkPy/README.md

### Incident Mirroring

> **NOTE: This feature is available from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0**
> **NOTE: This feature is supported by Splunk Enterprise Security only**
> **NOTE: To make sure the mirroring is stable, when fetching the first time one needs to make sure that the mirroring option is enabled**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Imporatnt Notes*** 
 - This feature is available from Cortex XSOAR version 6.0.0.
 - This feature is supported by Splunk Enterprise Security only.
 - In order for the mirroring to work, the *Incident Mirroring Direction* parameter needs to be set before the incident is fetched.
 - In order to ensure the mirroring works as expected, mappers are required, both for incoming and outgoing, to map the expected fields in Cortex XSOAR and Splunk. 
 - For mirroring the *owner* field, the usernames need to be transformed to the corresponding in Cortex XSOAR and Splunk.
```
